Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
I've got woman.
a victim of a hit-and-run.
Struck by a car in a
residential area. Unconscious.
Blood pressure dropping.
Possible femur fracture.
Belly's distended.
possible internal bleeding.
See if she was too quiet.
I'll blame you.
-Take it easy.
-Is she responding to anything?
-No response.
-Last blood pressure reading?
Joey took her last pressure
reading in the rig. 72 over 30.
Okay we're probably going
to have to intubate.
I'll grab the airway kit and
have someone call respiratory.
Right away.
Elisha! Baby. baby. baby.
No. no. no!
Elisha!
Baby. baby. baby. no. no. no!
-No. no. no!
-I need another doctor now!
Elisha!
Gimme two.
Just one for me.
All in. Thomas.
I'm really regretting we didn't
play strip poker instead.
I'll call.
Then you'd be leaving
butt ass naked.
God!
Gotta get to work.
Dead bodies wait for no woman.
Okay. Jordan. at least tell me
why you won't go out with me.
Thomas. you're a forensics
profiler at Quantico.
You haven't figured that out
by now?
I can't believe that
you were the keynote speaker
for the Forensic Pathologists
Conference yesterday
and then proceeded to wipe us
all out in marathon rounds
of five card draw.
You're unbelievable.
you know that.
Who better to fleece
than a conference
full of arrogant doctors
and data nerds
who tried to grab the keynote
speaker's ass all week?
Touché. Dr. Touissant.
but at least in my defense.
it is a very cute ass.
I'm just wondering when I'm
gonna get you back in my bed?
Thomas...
you have a special set of skills
that I'm quite fond of.
And we had fun for a couple of
months. But that's all it was.
Just give us a chance.
We agreed that we're better off
as cordial colleagues
and rival poker players.
Although. you're not really
a rival anymore.
After last night.
you're more like a mark.
Oh. damn!
That's vicious. you're vicious.
I gotta take this.
Okay. When I finished.
all right?
Hello. it's Dr. Touissant.
Jordan. it's Tamera.
Tamera?
Jordan. you need to come home.
-It's Elisha...
-What?
She's dead.
What?
This is so surreal.
I-I can't believe she's gone.
Did you catch the driver?
Um. sorry. Doc. I don't have
any updates just yet.
Mrs. Harrington
and Dr. Harrington.
I just wanted to come by
and extend my sincere
condolences on behalf of myself
and the entire New Orleans
Police Department.
Thank you. Chief Lewellyn.
Miles. baby. would you
excuse us for a moment?
-Okay.
-I love you. baby.
Police chief at a repast?
What do you think
that was about?
Oh. it's been a week.
The police still haven't caught
the hit-and-run driver
that killed Elisha.
And I so imagine
Mrs. Brenda Grace Harrington...
she is putting her
Louboutin firmly
in the chief's
grits-and-gravy ass.
Do they have any leads?
It's like Elisha
was hit by a ghost.
Who found her?
A neighbor.
out walking his dog.
found her on the side
of the road.
Where was Miles?
At the hospital.
Isn't he the
emergency room chief?
Why was he there that late?
I don't know. Earl called
for an ambulance
as soon as he found her.
Girl. with this zip code. they
came in a matter of minutes.
But by the time they got her
to the hospital. they just...
couldn't do nothing for her.
I thought you quit?
Haven't touched one
since Bill died.
I thought you quit?
My liver quit a long time ago.
That's why I only drink
on Tuesdays and Thursdays
and when the Saints lose.
He's a good man.
Bill Harrington.
Made a damn fine whiskey.
Yes.
Yes. he did.
But unlike my
family's bourbon...
Bill was weak.
Didn't have the balls
to do the things
that needed to be done
to protect his family.
Well. lucky for me...
I got balls bigger
than the state of Louisiana.
That you do. Mrs. Harrington.
That you do.
Now. Chief...
how big are your balls?
Whoa. Brenda Grace!
What the hell...
Tell me. Chief.
What's going on
with the investigation
into my daughter-in-law's death?
I told you. we're working
around the clock...
and we won't rest until
the driver of that car is found.
If you want to stay chief.
you'll see to it that your
good ol' boys do their jobs.
You will not be
city's dog catcher
if my poor son doesn't
get justice very soon
for his beloved wife.
God rest her soul.
Yes. ma'am.
-I'm gonna need that dress.
-Say less. sis.
That's yours.
Matter of fact. I was making
Elisha and Brenda Grace's gowns
for the Grand Boule gala
this year.
Yes. come through New Orleans
haute couture
for the grand dame
of the Grand Boule.
Your girl went from the bottom
to the Boule
just in time for my birthday.
Although it won't
be a happy one this year.
That's right.
It is almost your birthday.
Well... we're gonna
celebrate any way.
It's what Elisha
would've wanted.
Yeah. I guess you're right.
I feel like I owe you and Elisha
an apology.
Why would you need
to apologize to us?
When my mom lost her
battle at cancer...
I was drowning in grief.
And when that job offer from DC
to be the City's
Medical Examiner came in.
I...
I grabbed on to it
like it was a life preserver
I just threw myself into work.
I mean. I kept up with you
on social media.
I saw you killing
at fashion game.
and Elisha was... running her
family's foundation.
She finally had
the family that...
The perfect family
she always wanted.
Elisha just missed you.
you know.
-We both did.
-She called me.
And. uh. I saw that
she called. but...
I didn't call her back.
What did she say?
I listened to the message
on the plane on the way here
and...
she sounded like she was worried
about something.
Oh. you can't.
You can't worry about
that now. I mean...
Maybe she was stressed
about the Boule.
Brenda Grace want to make it
bigger and better every year.
Kick off of the season.
That would stress anybody out.
huh. girl?
It didn't seem like
it was about work.
Hey. Jordan. it-it's Elisha.
Wow. I feel like I haven't
talked to you in forever.
Can you call me back
when you get this message?
I need some advice.
You're the only one
I can trust right now.
Please. call me back.
See?
Doesn't it seem like
she was worried
about something serious?
-I don't--
-Tamera.
Mother would like to speak
with you about the Grand Boule.
Sure. Miles.
Love you.
That Harrington bitch
is on my ass
like a gator in chicken coop.
So that means I'm on yours.
Here.
Spread that around and find the
driver of that car. you hear?
Coming!
Oh. my God! I totally forgot
you're coming today.
Um...
You know. I haven't decided what
I'm gonna keep for staging.
But. you know. you guys
can just come on in.
You know what. why don't
you guys start upstairs
and I'll just meet you
in a second?
Hey. morning. beautiful.
Just checking on you.
How was the service?
Elisha's homegoing was lovely.
But they still haven't caught
the driver that killed Elisha.
What are the police saying?
Not enough.
Can you hold on a second?
My officers are pursuing
several leads.
The New Orleans police
department will not rest
until this callous killer
is brought to justice.
Look. I'm sorry to bother you
so early.
but I need to confirm if you're
coming to Quantico on Monday.
You're supposed to be giving
your Racial Bias
in Forensic Pathology
and Criminal Testimony talk
to the new class of agents.
And they're excited to meet
DC's chief medical examiner.
-Monday?
-Yeah.
You're still planning
on coming back
at the end of the week. right?
Yes. I. um. I just forgot.
Hey. it's okay. I know you got a
lot on your mind right now.
Yeah.
In addition to processing
Elisha's death.
I am trying to deal with my
parent's town home.
The people that I hired
to get it ready
are actually here.
Right now.
Jordan. will you please let me
know if you need any help?
You need not have to do this
all on your own.
I can be there
in a New Orleans minute.
Yeah. thank you.
I appreciate you.
No problem. precious.
I'm sorry about that.
Um. where should we start?
-I don't know what to say.
-Just say. "Yes."
It would mean so much to me
and. frankly. Miles.
And I think that's what your
dear mother would want also.
How I so miss
Claire's friendship.
It's just that I was scheduled
to leave on Friday.
Well. surely you can extend
your stay in New Orleans.
for your mother's dearest
and oldest friend.
And besides. Jordan.
it's for Elisha.
Of course I can extend
my stay.
I-I would be honored.
Oh. bless your heart. Jordan.
But this calls for a toast.
Cheers to the Grand Boule.
To the Boule.
Oh. well. looky here!
If it isn't Jordan Touissant.
as I live and breathe.
Oh!
Sully. you know
I couldn't come home
without stopping by this office.
And is that box of beignets
a gift for your old boss?
Mm-hm. only the
best from Filene's
for the man that gave
this college student
the internship of a lifetime.
and a job after graduation.
Well. you remember. you wouldn't
stop hanging around.
I had to give you a job
to stop Esther from thinking
I was having an affair.
Please give Esther my best
and tell her
I still miss her jambalaya.
I certainly will do that.
So. how's DC treating you?
It's good. you know. busy.
I hear a "but" in your voice.
Is the beltway not all that you
thought it would be?
Uh. it's not that...
But I guess
it's just not New Orleans.
Doesn't feel like home yet.
Well. after 30 years
with Esther.
I can tell you from experience
until you find someone special
it never will be.
And what makes you think
I haven't found someone special?
There's no ring on that finger.
You know. in addition
to my career in DC.
I have you to thank
for my repertoire of forensic
pathologist jokes.
I kill at conferences.
Do you know why the best
forensic teams can never catch
hillbilly criminals?
Why. Sully?
'Cause they all share
the same DNA
and there ain't no
doggone dental records.
Don't quit your day job
for a. you know. open-mic night.
I cannot wait
to have these after lunch.
I brought you some napkins too.
Oh. thank you so much now.
Is that Elisha's autopsy?
Don't.. I-I'm sorry. That..
That...
Sorry. it shouldn't be out.
Can I see it?
Are you sure you want to do
that to yourself?
I know how close
the two of you were.
This just breaks my heart.
I'll always regret not seeing
her one last time.
Excuse me. one second.
Sully Dufresne.
Yes.
Already?
All right.
Okay. I'll be right out.
-Got a body?
-Yes.
And the lift gate's acting up.
so I gotta go out and open it.
Don't you touch my beignets.
Uh. never.
Oh. my God!
You want my arm to fall off?
What are you doing here?
You didn't answer my question.
"Do you want my arm
to fall off?"
You're no Billie Dee Williams.
Well. you ain't no Diana Ross
from what I can remember after
some of our karaoke nights.
but I won't hold
that against you.
But you're still...
just as beautiful.
-Marcus?
-Mm-hm?
What are you doing here?
I saw you watching us
at the funeral.
Are you stalking me now?
Wow! Someone has developed a
mighty high opinion
of themselves
after breaking up with me
and moving all the way to DC
for their fancy new job.
Hm.
And I see you made detective.
-Congratulations.
-Thank you.
Good afternoon.
Detective Bardot.
-Afternoon. Dr. Dufresne.
-Oh. Sully. please.
There's no room for formalities
amongst the dead.
I just came to get the medical
examiner's official report
on the Elisha Harrington case.
You could've called.
I would've emailed them
over to your office.
I just want to make sure
I got everything for the chief.
You know. high profile case.
so we gotta make sure
we review every single detail
to find that good old driver.
-Okay.
-So. can I have the photos?
-That would be fine?
-Oh. um...
Well. these aren't those photos.
They. um. got mixed up
in this other file.
Organizational skills
have lapsed
ever since Delilah went out
on maternity leave.
You'd think five kids
was enough.
You know. I had to go to HR
after I said to her.
"Five kid's not a family.
it's litter."
Well. you don't have another set
in the photo?
If not. after your thing.
go ahead and print me some more.
I can do better for you.
detective.
Thank you.
My. uh. lab printer
is not working.
And the city won't buy me
another one. so...
I had to print 'em
down the hall.
All right. so.
I'll just grab 'em...
and I'll be right back.
Excuse me.
I'm really sorry. uh.
for what happened to Elisha.
Thank you.
So. how long are you in town?
I was supposed to leave
on Friday. but. um...
Elisha's mom asked me to stick
around for the Grand Boule.
-So...
-The Grand Boule.
So. does that ticket still
come with a paper bag test?
You know
they don't do that anymore.
Okay. you're there.
-Here you go. Detective.
-Oh. thank you.
Mm-hm.
Marcus. do you mind giving me
a ride home?
Sure. Sure. sure. sure.
I was hoping we gonna
continue our visit.
I know. I just.
I just remembered.
I have the plumber coming
to look at a leaky pipe.
Well. you check in with me
before you leave. darlin'.
Aw. you know I will.
-All right.
-Okay.
-See you. dear.
-Take care.
Sully.
Come on. got 'em in here. My
car's parked around the corner.
Jordan. hey.
what are you doing?
Stop. Jordan. Get...
Jordan.
There's a photo missing.
What photo. Jordan?
The photo that shows
that Elisha was strangled.
I don't know.
what do we have here?
Oh. my God!
Just stop.
It was in the cushion.
I fell asleep
on the couch last night.
That's okay. You know I always
loved you in lingerie.
My lingerie habits stopped being
your concern five years ago.
Not 'cause I wanted it to.
Look.
We need to figure out
why Sully's hiding
the photo that shows
that Elisha was strangled.
Hm.
Are those the pictures
that you took?
-Yes.
-And the missing photo?
And those photos.
and that voicemail
I played for you in the car
from Elisha.
has all my Spidey
senses tingling.
Something's not right.
Strangulation doesn't
really make sense.
When the EMTs got to Elisha.
she was still alive.
She didn't die until after
she got to the hospital.
And Elisha was examined by
her loving husband
who just happened to be working
at the hospital that night.
Pretty convenient alibi. huh?
So. what. are you trying to say
that Dr. Miles Harrington
killed his wife?
Fifty-five percent of
female homicide victims
are killed by an intimate
partner. husbands or boyfriends.
Isn't the husband
always the first suspect?
Not when you're a Harrington.
Off the rip. the Police Chief
was real adamant
that we pursue
a hit-and-run driver.
Miles was never even questioned.
Did NOLA PD even check
his timeline for the night?
According to the hospital
key card.
that Miles Harrington was
conveniently at the hospital
at that time that
Elisha was murdered.
-The key card.
-Mm-hm.
Did any person
actually see him there
before his wife arrived?
I'll follow up tomorrow
and I can check.
But if Elisha was strangled.
then how was she still alive
when she got to the hospital.
Dr. Touissant?
Okay. detective.
Look. Give me your hands.
Now...
As you apply pressure.
the victim will
lose consciousness.
Depending on the amount of time
without oxygen.
there could be permanent
medical consequences.
Stroke or brain damage
and obviously death.
I think Elisha's attacker
was interrupted
before he could finish the job.
Why does it always
have to be a he?
Well. without looking
at the body. I can't be sure.
but judging from these photos.
I would bet this townhouse
that her attacker was a man.
Seems like you're enjoying your
job a little bit too much.
Hardly.
So... are you really going
to sell this place?
It's time.
-Hm.
-I'm never here anymore anyway.
Yeah. I'm trying to get it
on the market
before I get back to DC.
Well. I'm sorry to hear that.
Why?
Well. because...
if you still own
this beautiful the place...
there's a chance that you'd
come back to New Orleans.
Back to me.
♪ Smiling on the surface
♪ Deep down are
you feeling me ♪
♪ Baby I'm strong enough ♪
We shouldn't do this.
Enjoying the night. eh. now?
I didn't realize
how much I missed you
until I saw you at the cemetery.
Marcus...
The past is the past.
Hm.
Excuse me.
Let me go...
before you do something
that you will regret
in the morning to make up
to something.
Good night. doctor.
♪ Baby I'm not strong enough
Don't act like you
forgot something
to try to get me into bed.
Ugh!
It's not happening.
Mind if I come in?
Um...
I was actually
just about to go to bed.
Right. so I hear.
I'm guessing you were expecting
somebody else. right?
What can I do for you. Miles?
It's pretty late. You okay?
Yeah. yeah. um. no. I just.
I just left the hospital.
You're back at work already?
Yeah. yeah. you know. it's...
It's the only thing that
you know quiets my brains
so I'm not thinking
about Elisha all day...
and catching the bastard
who killed her.
How's Amaya Grace?
She's still asking when her
mommy's coming home.
Um...
I don't think she fully
understands what happened.
I'm sorry. Miles. I...
I know that can't be easy.
Elisha. she loved you so much.
You were her best friend. right?
Yeah.
Miles. have you been drinking?
Yeah. it's. uh...
It's the only thing that gets me
through the lonely nights.
Tell you the truth. I can't even
sleep in my own bed right now.
You really shouldn't be driving
if you've been drinking.
I just came to say thank you.
Jordan.
"Thank you?"
For what?
Mother told me that
you two had lunch at Gris Gris
and that you agreed to be
the Grand Boule queen.
I. I didn't realize you guys
had opened a restaurant.
Elisha and I opened a
restaurant and lounge
just-just last year. you know?
She... Man. she wanted something
that was just ours.
wasn't tied to the family.
Anything for Elisha.
You know. hey. um.
I'll give you a call
and we-we can talk about
the foundation
'cause I know Elisha.
she was really. really proud
of the Ninth Ward youth center.
-So--
-Sounds good.
I. I'll give you a call. Miles.
-Okay?
-You call.
You take care. Miles.
Okay.
Yeah.
-Get home safe.
-Thank you.
-Bye. Jordan.
-Good night.
I told you exactly who I need it
to be. Dayveon? You get it done.
-You're making it complicated.
-I can't afford any mistakes.
I got you.
you ain't gotta worry.
I'm just saying.
what you got for me?
I ain't got shit for you. boy.
-Hey.
-Hey. girl.
I didn't know you were gonna
stop by today.
-I'll call you later.
-Oh.
-Um. ahem. who that. girl?
-That's nobody.
Hm. he looks like he wants
to be somebody's body.
You were talking about me
needing the D. he looked like
he wanted to give it to you.
right there on the desk.
Don't nobody got time for
these New Orleans dudes.
They on some real clown shit.
Like damn near wearing
a bear costume
riding a unicycle and shit.
No. ma'am.
Ooh! What about Ashton's father?
Hm. I haven't seen that fool
in over a year.
See. try these guys out here
at your own risk.
They should all come
with warning labels.
You did always love a man
who could play a horn.
What did you say in college.
if he knows how to play a horn
then he knows
how to use his lips.
Yeah. shocker. a jazz trumpeter
as my baby daddy
isn't quite the windfall
I was promised. okay?
Now. he's been ghost for most of
Ashton's life. but you know what
my baby ain't never gonna go
without like I did.
What's this?
You're the Grand Boule queen?
I thought you were going back
to DC?
I was planning to. but. uh...
Then I had lunch with Brenda
Grace. and she pulled the whole
"Claire's my oldest
and dearest friend" card
and. well. guilted me
into staying another week.
So. you're taking Elisha's place
as the Boule queen?
No. she just asked me to be
the honorary Boule queen
and announce a grant
that the Harrington Foundation
is giving to a youth center
in the Ninth Ward.
Apparently.
that was the last thing
that Elisha was working on.
Yeah. I know. I was the one that
was helping her with the plans.
Oh! Ti. I had no idea.
Look. I'll talk to Brenda Grace.
I mean. it really should be you
since you were the one
helping Elisha.
Brenda Grace would burn
that distillery to the ground
before she let a girl from
the bottom represent her
precious family
at the Grand Boule.
Hey. sis. do not let her
get you down. okay?
Look. I booked us into the spa
for your birthday tomorrow.
So. it'll be you plus me equals
facials. massages
and bottomless mimosa brunch!
Okay. that'll make me
feel little bit better.
But drinks on me
tonight at Gris-Gris.
-Yes.
-Yeah.
Treat yourself
with a nice dress.
Of course.
Love you.
Miles. it's Tamera.
Again.
Will you please call me back?
We need to talk.
God. I forgot my phone.
Dayveon. what you thinking?
People can't keep seeing you
in here like this.
What you worried about.
old girl?
She don't even know me.
ya hear me?
I ain't worried about Jordan.
What I want to know is that you
can handle what we discussed.
I got you. Ain't no problems.
Let me tell you.
The Crowns running that shit.
Hm. so you think you got me?
Yeah. I do.
You need not worry.
♪ Congested ♪
♪ Congested
Thanks for the photo.
The plates match.
Get that son of a bitch.
Okay. all right.
well. cheers to that.
You two got us
out of more trouble
than the number of drunks
showing their asses on
a "COPS" marathon.
I just know that
when I first met ya
y'all you were two stuck up
New Orleans princesses.
Y'all had never been through
half that stuff
I went through as a kid.
I get it. but we knew
you didn't like talking
about your childhood
and you never wanted us
to meet your aunt or uncle
and we respected that.
Nevertheless. we ended up
ride-or-die besties.
Well. I just thank y'all two
for always having my back.
-You know?
-Of course.
I appreciate them.
And silver spoon or not.
Elisha. she was a real one.
-To Elisha.
Yeah? This place is so quiet.
Hm! Don't look now.
-What?
-Don't look. Damn it. girl!
I said. "Don't." Damn.
Who this woman. Harpo?
That's his new boo.
Simone Russell.
She in real estate.
Them two've been hot and heavy
for about six months.
Well. before your fat ass
sashayed into town.
Well. a switching
you like to do.
Who is that?
Um. that is...
Jordan Touissant.
-She's--
-Girl. seeing you.
Well played. my friend.
Girl. Ain't nobody thinking
about Marcus.
Oooh. girl. come on!
Hm-hm.
Amaya Grace...
This crown... has been in our
family for five generations.
Come on. baby.
And one day. you'll wear it
at the Grand Boule.
Did. did my mommy wear it too?
-Baby. she was supposed to--
-Hey. baby girl! Ah!
-Hey!
-Look at this.
This was mommy's.
Oh. this is pretty.
Did your grandmother
give this to you?
Huh.
Hey. why don't you go upstairs
and get ready for bed
and I'll be up in a minute
to tuck you in?
I just want to talk to your
grandmother for a moment.
-Okay. love you. daddy.
-Love you too. Hey!
-Good night.
-Good night. baby.
You wanna tell me why you were
talking to my daughter
about the Grand Boule?
She needs to know her
family history.
It's tradition. Miles.
Mother. you are unbelievable.
you know that?
-I'm unbelievable?
-Yeah. unbelievable.
Elisha hasn't even been
gone a month.
yet and here you...
You know what. I don't
think we should participate
in the Boule this year.
Miles...
Honey. I know you're grieving.
Yes.
We're all are. love.
But the Grand Boule
was started by our ancestors
who purchased their freedom
and built the
bourbon distillery.
-The Harrington brand.
-Yeah.
That started
our family's fortune.
That in which
will always be honored...
by our family.
Yeah. the Harrington brand
you know. I heard this story
a thousand times. Mother.
And I understand it. okay?
But Elisha. she meant...
You know what... I can't do this
with you right now.
-Miles...
-This is...
Yes. Chief Lewellyn. what is it?
Sorry to call
so late. Mrs. Harrington.
but I'd thought you'd want to
hear the news right away.
Yes. yes. please.
Go. go right ahead. Chief.
We found the driver
of the car that killed Elisha.
Thank you. God.
Our officers pursued the suspect
and had him trapped.
Once he saw there was no way out
he drove his truck
into the river.
Ernie Reynolds is the prime
suspect in the fatal hit-and-run
of Elisha Harrington.
We're confident that
once our forensics team
gets a hold of his truck.
we will find evidence
that'll match the crime scene.
Thank you.
-Chief...
-Uh-huh?
Uh. are you sure
that this is the driver
that killed Elisha Harrington?
Ernie Reynolds had more DUIs
than the law allows.
Once our officers tried
to pull him over. he took off.
-Cigar?
-Uh. no. thank you.
Only guilty people
run from cops.
Hm. That's right. they do.
-It's a good day.
-Yes. it is.
-Hey.
Are you by any chance
watching the news?
Yep.
Hm-hm. so it's done.
I call bullshit.
Someone's trying to cover up the
fact that Elisha was murdered.
Exactly.
Thank you.
Cheers to that massage and
facial. That was everything.
Uh. cheers to the birthday girl.
One time for the birthday B.
two times for the birthday B.
This was just the birthday
present I needed. thank you.
I'm just so glad you enjoyed it.
It's the least I can do
since you agreed
to make my Grand Boule gown.
It's what Elisha
would have wanted.
I'm just thankful
that they finally
found the guy that killed her.
Do you really think
they found the right guy?
Why? Don't you?
I just can't stop thinking
about Elisha's last voicemail.
I just wonder what she wanted.
Where's Sully?
Oh. God!
-Hey. girl.
Yo. what's going on over there?
Uh!
I caught myself trying to cook.
And who thought that was
a good idea?
Ha. ha! Very funny.
Marcus is on his way over here.
so I thought
I'd at least attempt dinner.
Hm! What's he coming over for?
You're not still thinking
about Ernie Reynolds.
Ooh! Are you stealing
Simone's man?
Ugh. girl! Ain't nobody trying
to resuscitate a relationship.
I'm the one who broke up
with Marcus. remember?
Girl. there was no lingering
feelings since I moved to DC
for my dream job.
Look. I just don't want you
to get hurt again. okay?
Oh. girl. he's here I gotta go.
-Come in.
-Bye.
Oh!
Wow!
Something burning?
Nothing by my pride.
Now don't tell me
Miss Jordan Touissant
tried to go ahead and cook.
-"Chef Boyar-Don't?"
-Uh-huh.
-Hm-huh.
-Yeah.
Well...
Look at you. making detective.
-It's big.
-It is.
I know. thank you. thank you.
thank you.
Speaking of. um... Detective...
Can you help me detect why a man
police say ran off a bridge
to escape arrest.
didn't die from drowning?
So. you read Ernie Reynold's
autopsy report?
Hm-hm. when I stopped by
to see Sully
there was a Dr. Zhang there.
Apparently. she's from
the Baton Rouge office
and she was stepping in
to do double duty
because Sully was
on an "extended vacation"
with no return date.
So?
How did you get the report?
-Hm!
-Right.
-Hm-hm.
I maybe told her that...
I sometimes help Sully
out with cases
and I just asked her
for Ernie Reynold's autopsy.
And she seemed so overwhelmed
between two offices
that. um. yeah.
She was almost happy
to give it to me.
Gave it to someone that she
thought was there to help.
Tell me why do you think
Ernie Reynolds was dead
before his truck
went into the water.
Well. as you can see here...
Hm-hm.
There was no water in his lungs.
Hm.
That means he was dead before
his body ever hit the water.
Hm-hm.
Now. get this.
This is very interesting.
'cause I did
a little bit
more digging myself.
The Harrington bourbon
company...
It's been on the rocks
for past few years.
No pun intended.
But they've been laying off
a hell of a lot of workers.
-Really?
-Hm-hm.
They don't seem like
they're hurting.
And they just opened
a restaurant last year.
But if what you're
saying is true. then...
where's the money coming
from for this
youth center that
Elisha wanted to open?
There you go.
Whatchu want?
I'm sorry to bother you. ma'am.
My name is Dr. Jordan Touissant.
I wanted to talk to you about
your husband. Ernie Reynolds.
Police done fixed
their story on my Ernie.
Well. that's why I'm here.
I don't believe the story
from the police.
Look. I just wanna know what
really happened to my friend.
-Elisha Harrington.
-Whatchu wanna know?
I can't be seen talking
to nobody 'bout this stuff.
Is somebody threatening you.
Mrs. Reynolds?
Because if they are.
I can get help.
-The police...
-The police?
Don't bring that people
round here.
Mrs. Reynolds. listen...
anything you say to me will
not get back to the police.
You have my word.
My Ernest quit drinking
six months ago.
The pastor at the church was
helping him out real good.
He hadn't touch
that stuff in months.
Ain't no way he hit nobody.
Did the police know
that he stopped drinking?
I told them soon as they
dragged me down to ID his body.
Ain't listen to nothin' I said.
And when they dragged his car
out of the river...
he wasn't able
to refute their story.
And that's when
the other man came by
to make sure
I ain't say nothing.
Wait. what other man?
Ernest got laid off
after twenty years
from the Harrington Distillery.
A man came by and said they'd
freeze his pension if I talked.
Most of the time. nobody cared
what happened in the Ninth Ward
as long as
we was just killing ourselves.
We know that's changed now?
Changed?
Baby. this been
Three Crowns gang
territory forever.
Now every blocks being
overrun by redevelopment.
I need that pension money
to hold on to this house.
This is the only thing
I got left from my Ernest.
Wait. Mrs. Reynolds. wait.
Who's behind
the redevelopment?
You said you Elisha Harrington's
friend. right?
Then you should already know
the answer.
Look. baby. don't
come 'round here no more.
I don't need no more trouble.
Marcus!
Oh. shit. Jordan!
Jordan! Jordan!
Hey. Jordan.
Jordan.
It's going to be okay.
Easy. easy.
Oh. good. You're awake.
Do you mind?
-No. go ahead.
-Thank you.
-Open those eyes for me.
-Hmm-hmm!
Eyes open.
-Ah!
-Yeah!
Yeah. you've got
quite a concussion.
Which you're fortunate because
you know. head injuries
can be real serious.
When can she go home.
Harrington?
I'll write a prescription
for the headache
you're definitely
going to have.
But she shouldn't
be alone for a while.
-I'm gonna be fine.
-Hey. hey.
Okay. hey. easy.
take it easy. okay?
Yeah. yeah. excuse me.
Uh. look...
Hey...
Don't worry. I got you.
Yes?
You got it?
Yeah. yeah. thank you.
Harrington.
Jordan. are you sure
you don't want to just rest?
Miles said take it easy.
I'm fine.
All right.
Besides... I have a surprise.
And what is this?
Elisha's laptop.
How did do you get
Elisha's laptop?
Well. after I spoke
to Ernie Reynold's wife.
I went by Elisha's office
at the foundation.
I told her assistant
that I needed to
gather some information
for the Boule announcement.
And her laptop
was just on her desk.
Okay.
Okay. let's see.
No. it's not her birthday.
Hmm. Well. maybe it's something
to do with her daughter.
Maybe. uh. songs or lyric...
You know what?
Her daughter was named after a
character in her favorite book.
She must have read it like
a hundred times in college.
-There we go!
-We're in.
Here we go.
Hmm...
My affair
with your husband...
What is this?
Oh. my God!
It looks like someone
was sending Elisha
emails for over a year.
taunting her.
Hmm. let me see.
And really explicit details...
of all their sexual
rendezvous around town.
Hmm!
Wait. hold on!
Your husband doesn't
want you anymore.
He's laying in my bed
night after night...
when you think
he's at the hospital.
This is crazy.
And the email is untraceable.
And of course I can't ask the
department's tech to look up
the IP address. 'cause...
Without raising flags
with the chief.
Actually I might know someone
who can help us.
Well. hello.
To what do I owe the pleasure
of this bedtime phone call?
Um. hey. Thomas.
I need a favor.
Anything for you.
I need to trace an
IP address from an email.
Do you think you could have
someone look at it?
Yeah. No problem.
Send it over.
So I think you got some friends
in mighty high places.
So...
What else do you think that
Miles is been hiding?
I don't know.
But whatever it is. it was...
worth someone tryin'
to kill me over.
All right. listen. I'm leaving
at the end of the week. so...
we need to figure
this out quickly.
Wait. hold on.
What-what is this?
It looks like she...
signed a lease for a townhome.
Do you think she was planning
on leaving Miles?
Well...
there's only one way
to find out.
How do we even get in
to the townhouse?
One second.
It's my turn to call
a little favor from a friend.
Hey!
Yeah. yeah. doing good.
Huh. can you do me
a little favor?
Oh. I'm sorry. one sec.
Well. that was nice of
your girlfriend to call
the security guard to
let us into the development.
Yes. it was.
Simone's sold a couple of
units in the complex. so
it was a pretty
easy call to make.
There's nothing
of Elisha's inside.
So why did she sign
a lease in this neighborhood?
This area was once controlled by
the city's most grimiest gang
Triple Crowns.
until a real estate
development company.
by the name of
BlackCourt Holdings.
started buying
everything in sight.
Well. on another note...
I see you wearing
that perfume that I love.
I never stopped wearing it
after you gave it
to me for Valentine's Day.
Why aren't you responding?
I can't stop
thinking about you.
And... can't stop
thinking about us.
I got a little
confession for you.
The night you left New Orleans
after your mother's funeral...
I was coming
over to propose.
What?
I don't know what to say.
You could've said yes.
I loved you so much.
But...
But you left me.
You know why I left.
We had been
fighting for weeks.
The stress of taking care
of my mom and juggling work...
it was just too painful to stay
in New Orleans after she died.
So when I got an offer
to go to DC
and run a lab.
that is what I needed.
Why didn't you come with me?
♪ Praying that
I'm strong enough ♪
♪ You thinking
I'm strong enough oh no ♪
♪ Leaving you was hard enough
hard enough ♪
♪ You thinking
I'm strong enough ♪
♪ I don't know really know
what to do ♪
♪ I have a million questions
♪ I've been all alone
away from you ♪
♪ Baby I've been stressing
I wish I could say ♪
♪ You stole my heart... ♪
Hello? Earth to Jordan.
I'm sorry. girl.
this dress is everything.
You did the damn thing.
Yes. I did.
But what's going on?
You worried about the house
not selling or something?
No. it's just...
I'm just trying to find
more information
on the suspect that the
police say killed Elisha.
What information?
The cops already said his car
matches the one at the
scene. and that street cams
caught him in the area.
But that doesn't explain
why someone came to my house.
You don't believe this was
a some random break-in?
Am I surprised that someone
broke into your townhome? No.
Do I believe that a guy with a
hundred DUIs killed our friend?
Yes. Case closed.
Personally.
I'm glad his ass is dead.
Yo. that shit hurt. doc.
Hurry up.
Easy. Okay.
You didn't tell me how you got
this knife wound on your arm.
Not sure you want
to know that.
Lots going on in these streets.
Ya feel me?
Do you need any help.
Dr. Harrington?
No. no. I'm almost done here.
All right. Thank you.
Well. I just thought you'd
want to know the stabbing victim
you operated on this afternoon
didn't make it.
Police are on their way.
Oh. excuse me. I'm looking
for Dr. Harrington.
-He's in exam bay number three.
-Thank you.
I'll be back tomorrow. Doc.
Make sure you're here.
We good?
Yeah. Yeah!
I'll see you tomorrow and
I'll check on those stitches
and... I'll get that
prescription for you.
Hmm-hm!
Hey. Jordan.
What are you doing here?
I was just coming by to see
if you could check up
my head again.
I'm hoping to get rid of this
bandage before the Boule.
I also was wondering if
I could take you to dinner.
We haven't really had a chance
to really spend
any time together.
Yeah. you know what.
that sounds great.
Let me just finish
this paperwork here
and I'll come back and check on
that head. okay?
-Thank you.
-All right.
Hey. Thanks again for staying
for the Grand Boule.
It really means
a lot to mother.
-And me too.
-Happy to.
You know. you're lucky
to be alive.
And you were lucky
to be married to Elisha.
So then. why did you
cheat on her?
It's not something
that I'm proud of.
And nothing's happening right
now. I can promise you that.
Okay? It-it all ended
a year ago.
-Who was it?
-It was a nurse.
Nurse at the hospital.
Does she still work there?
No. She moved to Shreveport.
We both agreed that
it was for the best.
How could you do that to Elisha?
To your daughter?
What I did was wrong.
I know that.
Okay?
That affair was the
worst mistake of my life.
Yeah. when Elisha found
out about it.
after she found out about it.
she confronted me.
Look. we went-we went to
counseling for a year
just to repair this marriage.
We worked hard. both of us.
Our marriage. our marriage was
in such a. such a good place.
We... even made plans of
finally moving out
of mother's estate.
Why? Elisha loved that place.
Let's just say
it was about time.
We found this nice. beautiful
plot of land to
build our dream home on.
We knew that it will take about
a year for us to build it.
So. Elisha went out and found a
beautiful townhouse for us
to stay in just until
it was finished being built.
Now-now she's gone.
Hey. you two.
I saw you on the window.
You don't mind if I join.
do you?
Oh. please. Sit down.
Right.
Ashton's at my cousin's tonight.
so mama is a free woman.
I... I stopped by the hospital
to take Miles to dinner.
We really haven't had a chance
to talk since the funeral.
Yeah. how have you been. Miles?
I feel like I haven't
talked to you in so long.
You have been getting
my messages. right?
I've actually been
staying busy at the hospital
because whenever I'm home.
all I can do is
think about my wife
laying on the side of the road.
scared. cold...
alone.
Sorry. must be so hard
on you and Amaya Grace.
What the hell. Marcus?
So this why you needed
to get into the townhouse
so you could screw
your ex-girlfriend!
On the balcony. really?
I can't believe you.
Don't touch me!
Well. well.
what do we have here?
Detective. perhaps
we should talk in my office.
Detective!
♪ Praying that
I'm strong enough ♪
♪ You think
I'm strong enough oh no ♪
Jordan. last night.
you sent me a text
saying that we made a mistake.
And this morning.
it's. "911. get over here."
So. please. tell me
which one is it?
What took you so long?
I texted you over an hour ago.
I'm sorry. I was meeting
with my union rep
about my newly
instated suspension.
-Suspension? For what?
-Yes.
Suspension...
For behavior unbecoming of a
police officer while on duty.
Someone sent pictures of us
on that balcony last night
to Simone and the
entire department.
-Are you serious?
-Yes. I am.
Serious.
Maybe that's the person who
broke into my house last night.
Elisha's laptop is missing.
Well...
Okay. well. hey...
Are you sure you just didn't
forget where you put it?
When I went to sleep last night
the laptop was
on the nightstand.
I know that because my phone
was on top of it.
Your phone...
Was that before or after
you sent this?
"We made a mistake."
We did make a mistake.
Can we please just focus
on the fact that
someone came into my
house last night?
When I woke up. my phone was
there but the laptop was gone.
Well...
Yeah. someone must now know
that we're looking
into Elisha's death.
-Yeah!
But who?
Why don't you... call him
and ask him?
Beautiful.
I can call Thomas later.
You know. when I was
at the hospital...
Miles was stitching up
a patient.
This guy with that...
Three Crowns tattoo.
I could've sworn
it was the same guy
I saw at Tamera's boutique.
Wow.
Interesting part is...
usually them gangsters don't
even seek hospital... treatment
'cause they're scared they gonna
attract attention
from most cops.
So the real question is
what could he possibly
want with Miles?
From what I overheard.
it sounded like they
had unfinished business.
Ah!
Look at this beautiful boy.
Tamera. he looks
just like you.
That's mama's little man.
Aww!
So sweet.
Oh. thanks for stopping by
to pick up the dress.
I just finished the
alterations last night.
For you. my dear.
The Belle of the Boule.
Thank you.
I appreciate it.
Girl. what's wrong?
You look stressed.
Did you know that
Miles and Elisha
were having marital problems?
Problems? What do you mean?
Last year. Elisha found out
that Miles was having an affair.
Miles?
No!
He would never cheat on Elisha.
No. I found the emails that
Elisha sent to the other woman.
What?
So you know who this woman is?
He claims it's one of the
nurses at the hospital.
I have somebody
looking into it.
Why would he lie about cheating
on Elisha with a nurse?
I don't know.
Have you ever heard of...
Mayfair Springs
Luxury Townhomes
owned by BlackCourt Holdings?
No. why?
She had a lease agreement
for a townhome there.
I'm wondering if she was
thinking about leaving Miles.
And. I mean. what if
he found out and...
And what. girl?
He killed her?
I mean. even if Miles was having
an affair with someone
he doesn't want you
to know about.
doesn't mean he killed her.
Girl. I really do think
that concussion
messed with your head.
I'm telling you.
Something is not right.
Girl. will you please stop
running around
playing CSI New Orleans?
Sorry.
Please just try on the dress.
I'm gonna go check
on Miles's baby sister.
While you do that.
You're right.
Jordan?
-Jordan?
-I'm in here.
Wow!
My God!
You look absolutely beautiful.
Um...
Do you mind helping me
with my zipper?
Sure.
Marcus. we can't.
Why?
Is it because
you're with Thomas?
Aren't you with Simone?
Simone isn't you.
♪ Sometimes bad girls
♪ Gotta take...
♪ Come on come on come on
Jordan. come on out here
so I can see
if there's anything else
I need to do to the dress.
Okay.
Girl. this red
is popping on you.
Whoo!
Oh!
Well. hey. Marcus.
What are you doing here?
Uh. hey. Tamera.
I just came by to give Jordan
a little update.
Hmm. An update?
Is that what the kids
are calling it these days?
Stop. Marcus. you should go.
We need to finish this dress.
The Boule is this weekend.
Have a good day. lady.
Bye. Marcus.
Tamera...
Girl. you got a little
sneaky link going on in here.
You know. like that.
It's-it's nothing.
Girl. who're you fooling?
It is clear by the look
on both of your faces
that you both still
have feelings
Look...
I just need to find out what
really happened to Elisha
and then I can
get back to DC.
Back to my life.
There's no Marcus.
I don't know why you insist
on lying to yourself.
but what I do know is that
this dress is perfection.
-Hmm!
-Hmm-hm.
It is!
And with two days to spare.
Yes. ma'am.
Thank you.
All right.
I'm gonna take it off.
Look. wait...
No. we need to meet.
I don't care what you think.
Jordan's been asking
too many questions.
You got a lot of nerve
showing your face around here.
You need to keep
your mouth shut.
I heard you've been talking to
the wrong people.
And if you want to
keep the pension
and the rest of the money.
you'll shut the hell up.
Well. look who's
giving orders now.
What you think.
you big shit?
You think them people
up there gonna ever see
you for more than you are?
Girl. you ain't nothing. but
trash from the Ninth Ward?
You always thought you was
better than somebody ever since
you started hanging out
with that Harrington girl.
You turned your back
on your own blood.
After me and Ernie
raised your ass.
Anyway...
Ernie is dead now.
So if you want me
to stop talking.
I'm going to need
some more money.
'Cause that pension alone
ain't going to keep me
in the style of livin'
I become accustom to.
So you better get me
some more money.
You'll get your money.
I know that's all you
ever cared about.
I'm gonna leave you.
I want you to lock that door and
make sure nobody comes in. okay?
-Yes. sir.
-Okay.
I'mma go home
and I'm gonna get some clothes
and I'm gonna come here and
stay with you for tonight.
But first. I'm gonna stop by
the station to see
if there's any word
on your break-in.
-Marcus.
-Yes?
You don't have to babysit me.
He's not gonna to come back.
I want to be here to make sure.
All right.
-Okay.
-Goodnight.
I will not... lose you again.
Now... I know you probably
have not been shooting...
Hmm-hmm. no.
Touissant. you look
at me and listen.
This is a loaded weapon.
And what I need you to do...
You unload this entire magazine
if anybody but me
comes through that door.
Okay?
-Let me hear you say it. Okay?
-Okay.
Okay.
I will see you soon.
You know...
I told Elisha to watch out
for the likes of you.
You're not just one
of our kind of people.
Trash will always be trash.
You were a
conniving manipulator
riding on Elisha's
pedigree coattails.
Always begging to borrow money
for your little boutique.
-That was an investment.
-Oh!
Elisha believed in me.
Okay!
So what did you do
to repay her?
Sleep with her husband.
But I guess if your
mother's a whore...
why would you grow up
to be any different?
Little girl. don't you dare.
I wasn't surprised
when my son was seduced
by his wife's best friend.
I was just disappointed...
that he had to knock your
raggedy ass up.
And I had to clean up his mess.
I need money if you want
this plan to continue.
Jordan's been sniffing around
and...
she's starting to
put the pieces together.
Hmm.
I don't have enough money
in the house.
But you can make this work.
Oh. and take your
little bastard with you.
Yes. she's becoming a problem.
Fix it.
The Grand Boule is this weekend.
And that bitch can't ruin
my announcement.
-Hey. girl!
-Hey. Tam.
I was just calling
to let you know that
I'm not going to make it
dinner tonight.
Marcus is gonna stop by later.
Oh. we should actually find out
who Miles was having
an affair with tonight.
Look. girl. all I care
about is you. Okay?
Um... I need to run
a few errands.
I'm gonna drop Ashton off
at the babysitters.
But I'll be right over. okay?
But. girl. you do not have
to come over here.
I told you. Marcus is coming.
I'll be fine.
No. you shouldn't be alone.
Okay?
I'll be right over.
I love you.
I love you too. Okay.
What are you doing back in my
station when you're suspended?
I heard over the radio that
Dayveon Simms was brought in
for suspected break-in
at my friend's house.
And I want to see
what he had to say.
This city has over
a 100 murders a year.
We don't have the time or
manpower to waste precious
resources on a break-in
where no one was
seriously hurt and
nothing of value taken.
She was assaulted.
Let me shoot straight so even
you can understand. detective.
You've been looking
into some things
that don't really require
your attention.
Take this suspension seriously
before I throw you
off the force permanently.
Do I make myself clear?
Hmm.
Yes. sir.
-Knock-knock.
-Oh. my God! Girl!
Tamera. you do not have
to wait on me.
Really. I told you. I'm fine.
Babe. it's my pleasure.
Just drink a little tea
and relax.
And I'll just stay
until Marcus comes back.
This is really good.
-Glad you like it.
-Hmm.
Huh-huh-huh!
Listen to nurse. Tamera. Okay?
This could wait.
You need to rest.
Okay. girl.
You know...
I really am
so lucky to have you.
Lucky to have you. honey.
Tam...
I am really tired.
It's okay.
You bitches always thought
you were better than me.
You know.
Miles was mine first.
But once he saw Elisha...
he forgot all about me.
Until she had Amaya Grace.
And she was just too tired to
take care of that man's needs.
It was easy to get him
back in my bed.
And now Miles can really get
to know his son Ashton.
It turns out.
I'm gonna get her man...
and her money.
Come on. Jordan! Why don't
you pick up the phone?
Hmm.
Babe!
Huh-huh-huh!
Ain't no time for that.
I've been thinking about them
cakes all the day. Come on.
I've been thinking
about my money.
So why don't you stay on task?
Who you getting loud with?
My Crowns soldiers
been doing all the work.
Running folks and business
outta the Ninth.
Now stay ready. you feel me?
I know. baby.
And you've been doing
such a great job.
Block by block.
No one would ever think that
New Orleans' most notorious
hitters was working for me...
and those blue blood
Harrington's.
But we did that.
You're damn right.
We just have a couple
of loose ends. that's all.
Gotta get rid of Jordan
before Marcus comes back.
Go to the boutique.
get the materials
wrap up the body
so we can dump her.
-We ain't got much time.
-Hmm-hmm.
Yo. Tam?
Damn. Dayveon.
Didn't I just say we
ain't got much time?
What you 'bout to do. Day-Day?
I put you on.
Triple Crowns wouldn't be
gettin' this paper
if it wasn't for me.
Boy. put that gun away.
Quit playin'.
Sorry. my baby.
It's time for you to exit.
so the Crown's
got a bigger piece.
See. no matter
how good that ass is.
the game always gonna
be the game.
Ashton needs me.
Please don't do this.
No. no. no...
Yeah. It's done.
I'll move the body.
so you can pin it on the cop.
Just make sure you come
through on her cut.
Oh. you waking up. Huh?
No. huh-huh. huh-huh!
You shouldn't have been
snooping with that cop.
you little ass.
Now you're going to end up dead.
just like you friends.
But... now we can go ahead
and have a little fun
together first.
Yeah! Come here.
Bitch. you ain't gonna kill me.
You broke into my house.
You attacked me.
You killed my friends.
Why wouldn't I kill you?
Because I don't want
you to going to jail
for this piece of shit.
Oh. you could trust.
I ain't going to jail.
My lawyer will have me
out in the morn--
I'm gonna enjoy this one.
Elisha was a... beautiful soul.
She loved Miles.
She loved you!
Tell my son... I did
all of this for him.
-Did what?
-Jordan.
He didn't understand
what needed to be done.
Miss Elisha... discovered
that the real estate deals
that were needed
to sustain our family
after the distillery collapsed
were being facilitated by that
bitch Tamera and her gang.
Come here.
I gave her the land
for the youth center...
and it still wasn't enough
to appease her ass.
-So you had her killed?
-Oh. hmmm-hmm!
Don't do that. Jordan.
Don't judge me.
She was going
to sell out our family
and turn my baby.
my son against me.
What do you think
is going to happen
when he finds out
what you've done?
It needed to be done.
Brenda Grace Harrington...
I'm placing you
under arrest for the conspiracy
to commit murder.
You have the right to
remain silent.
And anything you say can
and definitely
will be held against you
in the court of law.
Take her away.
Huh! Wow!
How did Tamera and Brenda Grace
even start working together?
Well. Tamera blackmailed
Brenda Grace
into cutting her in
on the BlackCourt deals
or she'd reveal that
Ashton was Miles's son.
In return. Brenda Grace asked
her to get three Crowns involved
to clear out the neighborhood
they were redeveloping.
And when Elisha found out
about the gang's involvement
with the family's
real estate deals.
Brenda Grace told Tamera Elisha
had to be dealt with.
Well. hmm-hmm.
All right. get this.
when they question Dayveon
at the hospital last night. and
he realized that he was facing
the death penalty
for two murders
and an attempt on your life.
big bad day to be honest
saying like a canary.
And told them
all about Tamera's plan.
But...
who did Tamera get to pin
Elisha's murder on
Ernie Reynolds?
Hmm.
Slow down.
That's our next stop.
Let's go.
Hmm. You know Ernie Reynolds?
Ernie Reynolds
was Tamera's uncle.
He molested her for years.
So he was the perfect
person to take
the fall for Elisha's death.
And so. the chief had Ernie
killed and his car dumped.
And it was no problem
that they didn't find
water in the lungs
because they had Sully
in their pocket. too.
You just might make
a cute little detective.
Come on. let's get out of here.
♪ Not afraid to fly
no fear of falling ♪
Wow. well. well. well...
Oh. my God.
You look beautiful.
Thank you.
You clean up nice yourself.
Oh. do I? Do I take a
look on the left?
Oh!
-What. you Eddie Murphy now?
-Huh. I don't know.
Not!
Just Marcus.
Hey...
You sure you're up for this.
right? We don't have to go.
They'll forgive you.
I know.
But. um...
I really want to honor
Elisha's memory tonight.
Thanks for coming with me.
I'd do anything for you.
You know I gotcha.
You know...
Now that Sully has been put
in jail for falsifying autopsy
reports and tampering
crime scene evidence.
you know. our little
old city in New Orleans
is in desperate need for
a new chief medical examiner.
Well...
Maybe it is time
for me to come home.
Well...
Welcome home. babe.